This always looks like it can't be found.
I hope the Song family will not lose
Cher, that's great.
Only you are there
Keep your voice down
Mom just went out for a while
I'm not happy to hear you go back and forth first
Mom?
you
You are talking about the Song family.
Cher, you know they're not good people, right?
Is that just for you
The Song family as parents
It's always been good to me.
and
They really see me as their brother's leader
OK
Oh, I see.
Qianqian
Since we came into this world
We have to accept that the world has changed us
Like what?
My heart disease
And my new parents
12 I told you
I will definitely find a way to cure your disease
No matter how much it costs
But that's not enough.
Qingqing, can you promise me one thing?
What's up
It's about